kevin you're 25th is out of luck
of podium and yet you leave
tomorrow in the individual final
for what purpose but it's true that I have
missed a lot of things in the championship
whether it's the first day hunting or
the second round of the Team
I have a lot of frustration with dreamer
not just lately but
since the beginning of my career with him
it is a horse that I love
which is enormously of quality despite
all these factors there I have trouble to
really have some regularity even though
it's been three years three seasons that
the world it's true that I still have
need to find landmarks I never
constantly repeating that done
unfortunately every time I
the impression of having a serious step
and here I come back after I
still been super disappointed with my service
with him
this week because even the meaning
time I did in the first
it was a painless flawless
whether it's hunting or the second
sleeve I felt like we had
more fluid courses but in
but there are mistakes
here it is imperative that I arrive at
find to find some harmony
and especially a regularity in
results and sees the arrival at 14 years
but it's great this is in full
form but I hope one day power
Rises to the height of his talent you
are the only one among the French tomorrow to
take the start and have already had this
individual crown in 2009 with
kraque boom
what is the advice how are you
help those who can win you this is
to say in any case get on a podium
obviously so good to be and especially
Penelope Leprévost What's Needed
to win an individual medal and
win this final which seems very
difficult
there are a lot of elements that plays into
their favor the first thing that's
that they are in a very good period
with their other horses where we
see if moire is not a cleric of
climb up the world rankings one
speaks that the world ranking has
it's still not significant enough
on the regularity of the riders and that
this is simon pénélope they rather
in a good time so it plays
in their favor they are both
very competitive with a super mind that
it is a general way and jadot they
are both very frustrated with the
fault they paid a defect of
different it is penelope the hoist
simon the release of thrips and faults
really they make them rage and I
think that it can have a big
impact tomorrow on their motivation even
if there was no need for that
it is, but then last
thing they are rather in a position
favorable i.e. if they come
the no- fault they will put the
pressure on others was developing a
now place ten podiums and I
think it got pinned too a bit
like that for the World Cup final
she's going she'll be able to very easily
put pressure on others and
as everyone stands in one
bar I think they really
really a big chance tomorrow the
coronation in 2009 changed a lot there your
career it was a very, very moment
it's not a victory like the
others that of the european championships
so does not it crush
just a little bit sometimes
some riders what can it do
scared a little bit to both french there is
also another element is that the
title grown and inevitably attracts
a lot of people it's something
who is shining I was lucky enough to
do it in a configuration that
was pretty special it was really my
first year at the highest level so
I played a little luck factor is
and everything went well for me but
I think for canaries who
had a lot of experience or a
sister was particular because there
was not a big mood it was a
contest anyway with an atmosphere
a little a little sad while there we are
we are in a cauldron
it's something that will wear that goes
stimulate the riders for them for the
two french for pénélope and simon
it's a chance to have a champion
of Europe so you who will pass well
before you go to them
bring in and bring them a lot
information it serves as well and that your
tomorrow's course yes I think that
it's not so much the fact that I'm
european champion because tomorrow we go
not to have really changes
metaphysical or psychological
but is this something it's
important to have someone who can
to be a bit of an opener
I know their horses very well because
that we try whatever we say is
a soul enough team and to share
many have done every weekend the
contest together and we try to
watch what happens on the other side
at the neighbors and suddenly I think
only after the feelings that I'm going
have on both runs tomorrow in
hoping for a second home I
will be able to enlighten them and in any case
give them my perspective on the
course and try to help them in
maximum technically but for the rest
I think that psychologically they are
strong enough